Do you want to pack a bomb and ask everyone to compensate you for it?
So what? All of you in the car don’t dare to risk your son’s life.
This master will not die well. Even your son is alive,
The life of others is not life. It's really a king's bomb,
I'll also blow up your car and the people in your car, so I'll kill you.
They simply do whatever they want and are lawless.
What he told Wang Guilian was not surprising.
It seems that the case number is
It's all exposed, right?
so-called evidence
Leave it to the police thank you
I should have given you the wrong lover
He passed me by in advance
lose you
I can understand your mood
can you tell me
What's your plan? Also?
where is the bomb
After losing launch
My cross-door Laheng Buddha
Wen Yue can delay the upward dialing of blue
But I have exhausted his ability
He deleted all the little policemen on the Internet
He has harmed so many people that he can beg us
Said he wanted to push me, Lao Ben, to start
Finally you decided to act alone
I am old Ben because of the child's time
It took one day to make it
Send him back to his parents' home
Eat from him to make this car
And they're all in the same location
Found a friend
Let's see if the bomb can hit him
Those are all dynamite